I've been coming here ever since 2003 so
this is my my tenth year being here and
it's awesome just for myself growing up
- all the time you know I I remember the
first year that I came here and being
able to being able to race all the top
kids and I'm not sure how I did I think
I was maybe 15 min pack somewhere and
you know I felt like I accomplished the
world and just by making it and I know
that's how it is for a lot of kids
growing up now seven is it's definitely
more than just wearing gear and it's
definitely more than a gear company
appreciate it more when when there's
when you see all it goes into it and
when James invited us to come down - to
their compound and their their house -
to ride it it said a lot about who he
was and he's not just interested in and
us wearing his gear but he he wants to
help us and this isn't just about
business but it's it's about friendship
and and leadership and he's like a
mentor to us hands down sickest year out
there without a doubt no I just because
it's got sick designs it looks sick feel
sick it's got James Stewart behind it
you know I the guy's not just a name
handpicking the riders and saying hey
man I want you
my Tina's stuff really means a lot to
somebody you know and so just the
feedback he asks from us how much
weren't falling how much he's involved
in it you know
hey max is anything about this gear you
know I'm like dude that's awesome or hey
you know what do you think about this
you know so the feedback he's asking all
right we're really involved in it and
it's just a family man you know like
that's just what that's what's the cool
thing about it yeah James is he's really
into it he's just as into it as we are
in the ask questions and he wants to be
back in it's pretty cool to get feedback
to them and have a reflect in the way
the gear looks and you seven-year is
probably uh it stands out very good
there's not too much going on but it's
really flashy and it's an awesome team I
think that uh since we're all really
close and good friends we're just one
big family and it brings us all together
they're asking us how we like the gear
and how it fit in there they
it's great because it goes to show how
how much they want to make the gear
perfect and in making the best gear out
there I like seven-year costs my stuff
looks better than anyone else
yeah jeans definitely pays a lot of
attention to his writers and uh you know
I got to talk to him a little bit about
it and he's really really stoked on us
so uh that gives us a big confidence
boost for tracing and you know anything
else so I think that is a big big
conference this sport really there's no
riders that that do that
they're all just company brands and
having James be involved is just it's
awesome it's it's a dream come true to
be able to evolve to a seven being the
first ever to win
seven is title and especially at
Loretta's so and I'm pretty stoked on
that I mean since Athens the second
winner I'm just gonna go on and on and
on about that so Ashton you got
something coming for everybody
you